The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one. -John Lennon
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -Aristotle
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. -Albert Einstein
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. -Mae West
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. -Robert Frost
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. -Charles Dickens
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. -Marilyn Monroe
Life is trying things to see if they work. -Ray Bradbury
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
Everything you can imagine is real. -Pablo Picasso
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. -Herman Melville
Always remember, your focus determines your reality. -George Lucas
Leave nothing for tomorrow which can be done today. -Abraham Lincoln
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
When you undervalue what you do, the world will undervalue who you are. -Oprah Winfrey
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -Theodore Roosevelt
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. -Ayn Rand
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. -Vince Lombardi
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
An unexamined life is not worth living. -Socrates
Dream big and dare to fail. -Norman Vaughan
Courage is grace under pressure. -Ernest Hemingway
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, ‘I'm possible!' -Audrey Hepburn
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. -John F. Kennedy
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. -Rosa Parks
I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. -Benjamin Franklin
With great power comes great responsibility. -Stan Lee
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. -Vincent van Gogh
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. -Gloria Steinem
May the Force be with you. -Star Wars, 1977
There's no place like home. -The Wizard of Oz, 1939
I'm the king of the world! -Titanic, 1997
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary. -Dead Poets Society, 1989
Elementary, my dear Watson. -The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, 1939
Houston, we have a problem. -Apollo 13, 1995
E.T. phone home. -E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, 1982
Magic Mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all?" -Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, 1937
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. -The Godfather Part II, 1974
I am your father. -Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, 1980
Just keep swimming. -Finding Nemo, 2003
You is kind. You is smart. You is important. -The Help, 2011
Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. -Back to the Future, 1985
To infinity and beyond! -Toy Story, 1995
Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore. -The Wizard of Oz, 1939
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. -Nelson Mandela
There is nothing permanent except change. -Heraclitus
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change -Albert Einstein
Change is inevitable. Growth is optional. -John C. Maxwell
Change in all things is sweet. -Aristotle
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one. -Dr. Suess
Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful. -Mary Shelley, Frankenstein
I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship. -Louisa May Alcott, Little Women
When you play the game of thrones you win or you die. -George R. R. Martin, A Game of Thrones
And may the odds be ever in your favor. -Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games
All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust. -J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan
I feel the need - the need for speed! -Top Gun, 1986
You can't sit with us! -Mean Girls, 2004
P. Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney. -Finding Nemo, 2003
Do it now or forever wish you had! -Hairspray, 2007
Greater good? I am your wife. I'm the greatest good you are ever gonna get! -Incredibles, 2004
Get in, loser. We're going shopping. -Mean Girls, 2004
Life finds a way. -Jurassic Park, 1993
By all means, move at a glacial pace. You know how that thrills me. -The Devil Wears Prada, 2006
Some people are worth melting for. -Frozen, 2013
Avengers...assemble. -Avengers: Endgame, 2019
So this is how liberty dies...with thunderous applause. -Star Wars: Episode III — Revenge of the Sith, 2005
YOU. SHALL. NOT. PASS! -Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, 2001
You're tacky, and I hate you. -School of Rock, 2003
To infinity... And beyond. -Toy Story 4, 2019
Do or do not. There is no try. -Star Wars: Episode V -The Empire Strikes Back, 1980
She doesn’t even go here! -Mean Girls, 2004
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain. -The Dark Knight, 2008
I am Iron Man. -Iron Man, 2008
I love you 3000. -Avengers: Endgame, 2019
And finally, May the force be with you. -Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope 1977
Bond. James Bond. -James Bond, 1962
Stand in the ashes of a trillion dead souls, and asks the ghosts if honor matters. The silence is your answer. -Mass Effect 3
It’s dangerous to go alone, take this! -The Legend of Zelda
Endure and survive. -The Last of Us
Thank you Mario! But our Princess is in another castle! - Super Mario Bros
Finish him! -Mortal Kombat
Every puzzle has an answer. -Professor Layton and the Curious Village
Hey! Listen! -The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time
It's super effective! -Pokemon series
Space. Space. I'm in space. SPAAAAAAACE! -Portal 2
The ending isn’t any more important than any of the moments leading to it. -To The Moon
A sword wields no strength unless the hands that holds it has courage. -Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess
Science isn't about why! It’s about why not! -Portal 2
I've struggled a long time with survivin', but no matter what you have to find something to fight for. -The Last Of Us
That was too close. You were almost a Jill sandwich! -Resident Evil
You’ve met with a terrible fate, haven’t you? -The Legend of Zelda: Majora’s Mask
Waka Waka Waka -Pacman
The cake is a lie -Portal
Where’s Everyone Going? Bingo? -Resident Evil 4
Despite everything, it’s still you. -Undertale
I’ll be your 1-up girl! -Pauline, Super Mario Odyssey
Even the good leaders make poor decisions, its the best leaders that take responsibility for them. -God of War
Don’t be sorry, be better. -God of War
Courage need not be remembered, for it is never forgotten. -Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
I believe in a universe that doesn't care and people who do. -Night in the Woods
You are here, and it’s beautiful, and escaping isn’t always something bad. -Firewatch
Ohana means family. Family means nobody gets left behind or forgotten. -Lilo & Stitch, 2002
The only thing that matters is what you choose to be now. -Kung Fu Panda, 2008
Well, there’s one thing: they can’t order me to stop dreaming. -Cinderella, 1950
Adventure is out there! -Up, 2009
You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. -Winnie the Pooh, 2011
I don’t want to survive. I want to live. -WALL-E, 2008
The past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it. -The Lion King, 1994
The only thing predictable about life is its unpredictability. -Ratatouille, 2007
I don't see how a world that makes such wonderful things could be bad. -The Little Mermaid, 1989
Anyone can cook, but only the fearless can be great. -Ratatouille, 2007
I never look back, darling. It distracts from the now. -The Incredibles, 2004
The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all. -Mulan, 1998
If you can't say something nice, don't say nothing at all. -Bambi, 1942
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! -Mary Poppins, 1964
Responsability demands sacrifice -Adventure Time
Everything small is just a smaller version of something big -Adventure Time
Something weird might just be something familiar viewed from a different angle -Adventure Time
All grown-ups were once children… but only few of them remember it. -Le Petit Prince
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important. -Le Petit Prince
Your eyes can deceive you; don’t trust them. -Obi-Wan Kenobi, Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope
The ability to speak does not make you intelligent. -Qui-Gon Jinn, The Phantom Menace
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose. —Yoda, Revenge Of The Sith
There’s always a bigger fish. -Qui-Gon Jinn, The Phantom Menace
I am one with the Force and the Force is with me. -Chirrut, Rogue One
Never underestimate a droid. -General Leia Organa, The Rise of Skywalker
These aren’t the droids you’re looking for. -Obi-Wan Kenobi, A New Hope
Never tell me the odds. -Han Solo, The Empire Strikes Back
In my book, experience outranks everything. -Captain Rex, The Clone Wars
Just because something works, doesn’t mean it can’t be improved. -Black Panther, 2018
You can’t outrun who you are. -Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, 2021
I have nothing to prove to you. -Captain Marvel, 2019
I’m with you ‘til the end of the line. -Captain America: The First Avenger, 2011
If you’re nothing without this suit, then you shouldn’t have it. -Spider-Man: Homecoming, 2017
I’d rather be a good man than a great king. -Thor: The Dark World, 2013
Dormammu! I’ve come to bargain. -Doctor Strange, 2016
You get hurt, hurt ‘em back. You get killed, walk it off. -Avengers: Age of Ultron, 2015
You must not give up hope. -Eternals, 2021
No one bad is ever truly bad. And no one good is ever truly good. -Loki, 2021
To be free. Such a thing would be greater than all the magic and all the treasures in the world. -Aladdin, 1992
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn’t stop to think if they should. -Jurassic Park, 1993
Just Wong? Like Adele? Or Aristotle? Drake. Bono. Eminem. -Doctor Strange
Have you ever tried shawarma? There’s a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. -The Avengers
Victory at the expense of the innocent is no victory at all. -Captain America: Civil War
No amount of money ever bought a second of time. -Avengers: Endgame
All we can do is our best, and sometimes the best that we can do is to start over. -Captain America: The First Avenger
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then. -Lewis Carroll
Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle. -Lewis Carroll
WE WERE ON A BREAK! -Friends
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. -Albert Einstein
Without music, life would be a mistake. -Friedrich Nietzsche
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company. -Benjamin Franklin Wade
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. -Anne Frank
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. -William Shakespear
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be. -May Sarton
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. -Frank Zappa
I think therefore I am -Rene Descartes
Cogito, ergo sum -Rene Descartes
One cannot step twice in the same river -Heraclitus
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience -John Locke
There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance -Socrates
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit -Aristotle
The mind is furnished with ideas by experience alone -John Locke
Science is what you know. Philosophy is what you don't know -Bertrand Russell
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation -Plato
Happiness is the highest good -Aristotle
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it -Epicurus
That man is wisest who, like Socrates, realizes that his wisdom is worthless -Plato
The only thing I know is that I know nothing -Socrates
I can control my passions and emotions if I can understand their nature -Spinoza
The brave man is he who overcomes not only his enemies but his pleasures -Democritus
Man is the measure of all things -Protagoras
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. -Seneca
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. -Aristotle
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity. -Sun Tzu
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak. -Sun Tzu
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. -Sun Tzu
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle. -Sun Tzu
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy. -Sun Tzu
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare. -Sun Tzu
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust. -Sun Tzu
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -Sun Tzu
Who wishes to fight must first count the cost. -Sun Tzu
Now yourself and you will win all battles. -Sun Tzu
The wise warrior avoids the battle. -Sun Tzu
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. - Sun Tzu
Quickness is the essence of the war. -Sun Tzu
Great results can be achieved with small forces. -Sun Tzu
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Never memorize something that you can look up. -Albert Einstein
Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler. -Albert Einstein
The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it. -Neil deGrasse Tyson
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of Giants. -Isaac Newton